adaptive shift?
    the idea would be to allow the search window to shift +x/-x as some rows are thin
    width of any given row would be limited
    unsure how to avoid finding the same essential next row with different shift values
    could generate all possible next row windows (even shorter) and insist each result "fill" its window (refuse when row finishes if it didn't fill its window?)
    implemented recenters, much, much better
        in particular a recenter search does not actually subsume the unrecentered version of itself
        not sure what searches to try...
        TODO: recenter with symmetry?
            actually can make sense but impl is complicated
                don't allow window to cross over center axis
                don't reflect outside window unless window is right at edge

optimize...

symmetries
    top space?
        initial symmetric is kind of hard but could make sense with x-only shift
    horiz time flip
    vert time flip?
        initial is difficult again
    a lot of these make sense individually, but many combinations are nonsense
        also not sure how to model these in code...

cycle finder
    in particular want this to find waves since we may not be able to find head/tail in same search

overbias recentering?
    in particular relevant for diagonal searches...

step table madness
    for each idx we have some number of bits we plan to step from there
    have pre-computed masks and shifts to build the step table key from r0, r1, and r2
    then step table output is all possibilities for next however many bits (plus minx/maxx contributions...)
    at each point build as big a step table as "can afford", probably take max number of query bits as parameter of search
    use inside-out-query-tree trick to build step table from fairly normal-looking compat-check algo (which takes scary callback for bit queries)
    rather than store r2l we may store index into array of step tables to indicate which one to use next
    mmm, not so sure, even conservative estimates of query bits for minimal checks suggest stepping is only gonna be maybe 3-4 bits under optimal circumstances
        hmm, if we split future check and past check...
        future check common case (no shift, mid-row) requires 15 for one bit plus 3 per
        past check common case requires 6 for one bit plus 2 per
        so even with 24 bit table we can do a 4 bit step
        and if step is <= 6 bits we can store possibilities in u64 mask so we can and together result from future table and result from past table
            we'll have to recompute contribution to r2 bounding box but that's okay
        non-common case can just step a single bit, that's fine
        if we strip checks as brutally as possible it seems like it maybe doubles time (quick BM was between 1.5x and 2x for some smallish searches), but what does it do to step size?
            future is 9 for one plus 3 per
            past check doesn't even exist in common case
            so maybe we can step 6 bits?
    although it may be possible that stepping even one bit outperforms current...

DB of known solvable states?
    fairly complex problem...
        completely different database of rows by speed and orientation
        don't apply at all to various really weird searches
        matchable rows limited by wx, but whatever
        actual r0/r1 values changes by mx
        may need to duplicate nodes in non-recentering search
        may need to rephase, etc.
        sketched, not really tested yet
        also, this doesn't necessarily find all splits, e.g.  for a U-shaped ship it won't consider the arms to be solvable individually
        this is pretty slow to load, we probably need to preprocess...

bfs2
    parallelize?
        normal stepping, probably
            jackassed up with fully pre-reserving memory
        kns recollect?
            we did parallelize the reindex, but the actual sliding recollect seems impossible to parallelize
        maybe actually figure out what percentage of time is where
            ugh, seems like normal stepping is dominating some of these...
    checkpoint?
        sort of a mess, need to go back to having directory
        dropping state is very, very expensive
            maybe not so bad?
            "bincode" I hope can be somewhat fast?
        so only want to drop something like once an hour and/or when indicated...
            well, benchmark and see how bad it is...
    arggh, memory limit is still off and debugging it sucks
        rough VmPeak 1+ deepens into the same search with different configured maxes:
        4GB mem_max => 10,223,780KB VmPeak
        6GB mem_max => 11,502,808KB VmPeak
        8GB mem_max => 19,988,192KB VmPeak
        oh, did VecDeque fuck us?
        it seems like with_capacity() is with at least that much and from the source it goes to next power of two
        but this can't explain our 2.5x, it's at most 2x...
        and if element size is 40 we expect 1MB / 40B = 26214.4 attempted size which is only 1.25x up to 32768
        using VecDeque to capacity instead gets 8GB mem_max to 15,964,872KB VmPeak which is still horrible

hacks to enforce "gappiness" of unchecked edges
    track if we're in zeros or nonzeros, track length of segment
        don't allow nonzeros longer than thresh
        don't allow zeros shorter than [second] thresh

handy syntax for search parameters
ge.init_zero() -> GolNodeSerdeProxy
ge.init_str(S, S) -> GolNodeSerdeProxy (parse, verify dims, pad and recenter if recenter, etc.)
